What does a guy who's a man can Maxson you can see that everything is done here.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm just going to hit go to dashboard.
So let's just remove this and you can see that our WordPress website is totally ready and running's
Let's have a look at her site.
OK.
This is our Web site those looking.
We have our local.
We have our menu right here.
And then we have a call to action.
This is this it's going to take us to the all products page where we should be taking to the shop.
So let's just click here and let's see how it is so if I just come here you can see how the shop age
is looking.
We have everything coming here.
And you can see how crazy it looks.
OK.
We have the B.G. nation as well here.
So in this video we'll be working up the shelf Bage.
We're going to design this.
OK.
So let's just come here.
Let's just click this customize section
and here we're going to customize this whole so you can customize it with the elements.
But you can customize this with here since this team gives the maximize customized maximize customized
ability Max Max customizable.
That is why this team is the best.
So I'm just going to go to commers right now and then we're going to design this page so you can also
design it from the video here here from here.
We're going to design the current step from here so you can see that it has the general So we have custom
commerce sidebar display featured image.
So this is set to Yes.
OK.
Because the feature image should be yes.
No it is for the category B.
So it is not for that cartridge.
And then we have the cross Seldes kown.
It's going to tell you that on the card if we just go to the shopping card great.
Now I we don't have any of the card in right here.
So let's just go to the shopping cart.
If I just go to x 6 that can play double B course dot com.
And then I go to the shopping cart.
So let me just go to the shopping card.
Now here you can see how this is so it.
OK.
I have to add a product in the card.
Then it's going to work.
So I'm just going to add a product.
So let's just add this product.
OK.
This is in here I'm just going to hit the cards right now and you can see that it should be having the
card count.
So if I just go to this game here and I just read first yes let's just reload this OK since we don't
have any of the product that thing.
That means that the up sales are the cross-sell seen here.
That is why this is not coming.
But if I just go to this one I think both teams I think it has the cross sales thing.
So let's just come here and let's just open up the view card so you can see OK.
Also don't have.
But I just remember that the first one Beej has that he has this one.
OK.
So this one do have that two card.
If I just click here Bukhara right now and then you can see that it sees you might you may be interested
in.
The reason is that if I just open this product up OK and then I go to the edit product OK and then I
go down
and then I go to the linked products and you can see that up sells.
They should be having that.
So how did this upscale work if I just add any products if I just add a logo
logo 15 logo
OK.
And now is go ahead and let's just save.
So this is the flying ninja.
OK this is not Doulos.
If I just go to voodoo over that we added just right now and then I go down to the edit product.
OK let's just say at it product OK.
And then I go home.
So I suppose that I go down and then I go tooling products and you can see that in the products we have
the cross sales what this means the cross sells mean that it will show on the card page.
Okay and upscaled I mean that it will show in the product page itself.
If I just go to View product right now then here would be you might be interested and you may also like
so you may also like page.
You can see that we have this like here.
You may also like the related one.
Just leave the related one related works on the category basis but you may also like works on that upscale
and the cross sales mean you can see the logo 15 and over 60 is in the cross-sell.
And this is called local 15:16.
So this is this is what I mean exactly.
You may be interested in this and if I just come here and I just go to my comments right now and then
I go to general and you can see that it says cross cells count and cross sell column in the card.
So this is set to this so we just have to.
So do not mess with it because they have chosen the best thing that they choose so to speak and you
may be interested in is coming too early.
OK.
I want to go back and I have the menu card.
This is the one hide if empty card.
So if there is no nothing then it's going to it's going to be hitting but I don't want it.
OK we have icon card and count and total.
So you can also add the total if you want to.
OK.
And on total you will see how it's going to look
OK I have to hit publish right now.
And then I have to come here and I have to just refresh this
so you can see this is not just freaking out.
No way.
This is so weird.
And then it is going I don't know why this is happening here but on the ground it will also show the
total.
OK.
So then we have if we just choose it to be like I can and I can card doodle then it'll just show the
icon and card.
OK.
But I do not know why it is not working.
OK so let's just use it to be like icon and card count.
So I just want to go with this.
And then we have the drop down and go to card and the custom links are how this is going to work.
If someone clicks then a dropdown will.
If I click here a dropdown is appearing.
OK.
You can also make it like if someone clicks the go to card then it's going to take them to the card
page like it will redirect to slash cart.
They mean that.
OK.
But I just need to drop down because dropdown looks amazing.
I have the icons so I can choose any icon that I want.
I think this one looks great.
And then I have custom icons so you can also use a custom icon.
We have that card dropdown styling.
So if someone clicks here we have this and we can also stylus it so I can also make it like the price
color the removing color.
OK.
We have the border color so you can also make it like you can give it a border if you want to.
And we have the checkout button back on.
OK.
We have the checkout button color.
We have that check.
Check out Burton color on Hoover so you can see everything is right here.
And you can make the changes from here.
I'll ask him here to our case and this is what I mean.
OK.
This is the base that we have this is called the archive.
So it is.
It is showing that Craig's List of buttons.
This is this.
If someone clicks you can see this is now changed de-list.
OK.
The default category view can be close to you are green.
But I would recommend you to go with the crane because mostly people use Dikran.
OK then we have the excerpt Lent.
OK.
You can change it to be like length of the short description of the list view.
So you can make it you can shop smart.
If I just click here you can see this is right here.
So you can make a change going to be going to eighty five words and it would be 25 and it would be so
much larger.
OK.
So you can make it to be like 23 if you want to.
And you can see this is now set to 18 sharp sharp sword sharp result.
So this is like this and this is the sort so if you want to uncheck this this will be hidden and no
one can sort it from on the bases.
And then we have the shot result count.
So you can also show it if you want to.
But I would recommend you to go with this and then we have the elements positioning Let's come here
and we have this right here.
OK.
How this is going to work is that we have the image on top.
And I have the category so I can also bring the category in top and the category would be on top.
OK.
This is the poster.
This will be on top but it will look so ugly.
I know.
OK.
So I'm just going to bring it down below to the default settings then we have title we have the pricing
and then we have the description of that card.
Description A lot appear on the view.
Obviously if you show the description it will look so much mess.
OK.
And then we have to add two card button.
And then we have the product anti-media that is made swap.
OK.
This is like this.
If I just come here you can also make the gallery slider.
So the gallery slider would be here.
You can see how this is looking but I think image map looks good a bit to me so that if you were your
mouse your head is going to show the next image that you have.
So if you just open up any of the product so you can see if I just open up this product then you can
see that I have two images so if I bring them out here on the shop then it's going to show me this image.
So this is how it works.
OK then we go down and we have the page anation style.
You can see this is Outlook's so you can also change it to be like infinity scroll.
How infinity scroll will work is that it will open up every page and there will be no pagination.
It will be like it will load the page when you go down so you can see this is the end of the content.
OK.
If we go down and it's a lot more more more more more and more.
So this is called Infinity shrugged but I always prefer to use the standard one because I think standard
looks good.
OK.
And we have just this much
so let's go back and we have the single.
So how does single work.
OK.
You can design a single page and like if you just open up any of the single product KHRAIS here.
And then we will take into the single page and then we can work with it so we can just hide the title.
We can hide the rating.
We can hide the price excerpt or anything.
OK.
And then we have the Dabbs position so that tab's position are decenter we can make it great.
I can see this is not changed to write to me.
Vee-Vee are going to make it to the left so I think left looks good.
Let's just move to the center.
So then we have the cells count.
This is the upscale.
We can make it like three four.
We can make it one.
So this would be one only one upscaled would be coming here.
OK.
I want to make it three let's just use the default one.
And then we have the cells column as well.
This bleared related items display related items.
This is all too important to make sure to add the related items.
And let's just go back.
Now we have the advance dialing and this is the main thing that we want to focus on.
So then let's just go to the shop page right now.
OK.
And in the shop we have to work on this one right here so this we have the on sale background this is
going to be green they continue to be red if you want to go with the red one.
OK.
And then we have the on sale color.
So you can make it anything that you want.
I will go with the block OK and then we have out-of-stock background out-of-stock color the color the
product entry toolbar water bottom color Craig trialist color
so you can change it pretty well that how you want it how you want it.
OK then we have pretty lost border color Credlin Tovarich color select color.
OK so we have so much so much here and then we have this category color category color over title of
color and the product and we add to cart.
I basically want to work with this so you can just mess around with this.
You can just change it.
We have the price calculator.
This will be here.
OK.
And delete price.
Color and the title color and Hoover and everything.
I just want to work at two card background colors.
I want to make it black.
I want to focus on my sight color basically.
OK.
And I want to Bactrim color on Hoover so at Ducard Bactrim colors this would be turned to crazy if someone
brings his mouse.
It's going to turn to create and then we have Ducard color.
So this is going to be white full white.
So I'm just going to make it full right.
OK.
And then I have to card color on Hoover so on Hoover it would turn blue.
I don't want it to be blue.
I don't want it to be black.
I'll just make it white.
OK.
And then we have a two card botter style so I just want it to be solid.
Nothing else.
OK.
Or is just what just make it known.
No water gray.
I think this looks cool.
This looks amazing.
Seriously.
At Ducard borders is at Daugaard border radius so you can also add the border radius like if you add
25 and then you add the border to be solid and it would be
at Ducard border radius.
This is not applying I don't know why but this would turn to circle.
So if you just supply it so let's have some here let's just save it.
Let's just come here.
Let's see our page.
If it works here our Hate is not working here.
So I'm going to come here.
I'm just going to choose.
No I don't want anything.
And then we have the single product so a single product if you just click here and then you can change
it like the color quantity plus minus color.
If you just opened this up.
OK.
And then you can see that we have the plus minus as well in the comedy section so you can also change
the color of days.
You can also change the color of the burden.
So this is how it's going to work.
But I am going to change the color of the button so I'm just going to go down.
So I just don't know why they don't have the option for the two card.
OK I cannot change that to card.
But then you can see everything is totally up and running.
And this is going so great.
OK.
So now you can see everything looks great everything is up and running.
And this is how our website is looking.
So now we have designed the whole shop page.
OK.
We are we have this.
And in the next video you'll be working at the sidebar.
So we're going to work with the sidebar you guys already know how can you design this.
What we have to focus on the sidebar a bit that our Sidebar looks amazing.
So in the next video I'll show you how can you work with a sidebar and how it fell look great.